This is how to build a shelter for bees and other useful insects.
With natural and untreated wood scraps.
Several diameters recommended. 4/6/8 and 10 minimettes.
Depth between 6 and 10 centimetres.
Installed on March 02.
48 hours have passed since then.
To be installed in a rainproof place, otherwise the earth plugs will be damaged.
They often fall to the ground. Avoid water tanks under these nests, they drown very quickly.
Isn't that wonderful?
Any ideas?
A nice shelter for ear piercing. A jar full of straw.
A simple refuge to realize for a large number of insects.
Masonic wasps, wild bees... come to scrape the bark to make stoppers and structures.
In a cavity on the floor, it's great too.
Music/video Papy Nounn.
Thank you for them!
Come on... it's not difficult!